Come close..
Its OK. Come here.
I know that.
Nothing to be done.
Please turn away.
Be steel.
I said turn away..
Corrected. Translated. Syncronized by;
ufukbaba from Turkey♥
Why did you shoot it?
Parasites.
It jumps on cars and
makes shit on the paint.
You couldn't just kick it out. could you?
Goats are stubborn.
Spray with the hose?
No.
A long. long time ago. there
was a forest with a small log cabin.
And inside the little log
cabin lived an Alkaliak.
A witch.
Weathering the lost. the wicked
old woman first did to the new traveler
her spell. leaving him in a state of
confusion with a vulnerable and unsteady step.
The witch bound after her captive
victim before leading the lost travelers
on a tour of the Underworld.
And sometimes. a hand or a claw
would emerge from the darkness and tear
a piece of those at
the end of her chain.
He plucked out an eye.
He was plucking out an ear.
And sometimes. they took something
much more valuable from a boy
from the eyes or ears.
Any idea what
your spot might be?
Are you kissing
No.
Go to your parents.
And don't talk to strangers again.
There are worse things than
strangers out there. Yankee.
Did we wake you up?
Mr. Cobb. I apologize.
I was on the phone and I thought Albie...
Don't apologize to me. man-eater.
Apologize to the customer.
Apologize.
Why don't you look at your work?
It's my job.
I am the owner.
Bowman. booked for one person.
If you could just... Sir...
Bowman. Mr. Om Bowman.
Pullman City. Whatman.
With us for a week.
You are welcome.
The dining room is
down this hallway here.
Breakfast from 7 to 10.
Halloween party tomorrow night
with live music. cocktails. costumes.
It will be a lot of fun.
The word "joke" is a word we use
to describe something
fun here in Ireland.
Yes. can I have a room as far
away from the slab as possible?
I have a job. What do you do?
Author.
Well. you won't hear anything at all.
Thanks.
Wait.
Bowman. That name tells me something.
I think my son is a fan of yours.
You are a celebrity.
So if there is anything we can do to
make your stay more enjoyable. please
call 0 and let us know.
Ok.
Could I bring my son's
book for you to sign?
No.
Now. that's what we call solid
construction. Nothing goes through.
Are you lost?
What do you think?
In this style. you can
probably stay lost.
Okay. sorry. I just...
I can't find my room.
It should be right
here. but it isn't.
Yes. from here. Thank you.
First time in Ireland?
Yes.
Are you having a good time
Here you are.
Thank you.
Good stay.
Thanks. Sorry.
Do you happen to know
where the Great Sequoia is?
BILBERRY HOTEL THE GREAT SECOGIA
Who is she?
My Christ.
Mine.
I am sorry for your loss.
Do you want a drink?
I think I might need
something stronger than milk.
There was nothing stronger than that.
A shot?
Putin.
Water of life.
Yes. this is Moonlight.
If you want something to defeat the
demons. and not just put it on your feet
from the mushrooms.
I love the feeling.
It's completely natural.
I collect. dry. grind
the mushrooms myself.
And I like it with goat's milk.
I will do it.
I will forget her.
Do you know why they climb into cars?
Goats also like
to eat mushrooms.
And when they climb. they
look for reflective surfaces.
Because looking into your own eyes
under the influence of mushrooms deepens
the experience.
But it can get dangerous.
Especially when there's a
bastard with a crossbow nearby.
Don't catch it.
I almost came to
blows with them over it.
Thanks for the drink.
Don't go climbing on any cars.
I won't do it.
His skull is the only
hard object for miles.
So Conchita Doral hits the
boy with the bottle. killing him.
But the bottle still doesn't break.
In the end. he wanders
off into the desert to die.
Why write this?
What do you mean
I mean. it's so bleak.
Well. you know. it's
meant to challenge you.
Well. I won't read it.
Not if that's the end of it.
Well. you know. some of my novels
have been made into bad movies.
When they make the movie.
they also stick a happy ending.
Okay. so. somewhat better.
You remind me of my mom.
Your mom?
How old do you think I am?
Well. when she was young.
Yeah. just in a way. she...
She should be happy.
My dad drew her.
You know. they came
here for their honeymoon.
They always wanted to come back.
Yes;
Yes. Why didn't they?
She died three years later.
She was very young.
And how did he die?
He was murdered.
He was shot in the face.
He came home from work.
Dead. Did they catch the one who did it?
He was too young to be punished.
So they hanged him.
And your dad?
Well. he became a monster and
drank himself to his untimely grave.
You know. I had their ashes for
years. I didn't know what to do with them.
Yes. they were happy here. so... I
noticed the honeymoon suite is closed.
I hope this is the
room they stayed in.
It has been closed for a long time.
Do you know why?
Because no couple in their right mind
would spend their honeymoon here?
It is haunted.
From a witch.
Mr. Cobb says they managed
to lock her up there years ago.
I tried to convince
Mal to dive the key
from Mr. Cobb. to have a look
up there. but he wouldn't accept.
I. again.
I have never seen a man
so afraid of his father-in-law.
Why do you want to
go up there so badly?
To see if there is electricity.
What if there is? Are you
afraid of being... grabbed?
I have some chalk.
Chalk; If you ever get chased by
a witch. just run a circle around her.
It will keep you safe. If I ever think
I'm being hunted by a witch. I'll look for
psychiatrist. not for a piece of chalk.
Dot.
I'm here.
Tell us about your encounter
with the witch upstairs.
So...
And that's what happened.
How so?
Don't worry. I'll be here.
I believe you.
Fiona. in the dining room.
Hello. Neil.
Are you enjoying your
stay. Mr. Bowman?
Assume.
When I saw the name. I didn't
think it would actually be you.
What are you doing here
I don't want to bother you. but I wanted
to tell you how much they meant to
me your books.
I really relate to
your characters.
Well. this is a concern as these
pages are populated from deep
disturbed. desperate people.
Is that what you use
to hold your ideas?
Yes. that's it.
Yes. I had one.
Talking to you.
Idea for a character.
An ungrateful one who
hasn't taken it for granted.
Completely unable to read
the mood of a conversation.
Is it true. I read that you are finally
writing the end of the Conquistador trilogy?
How the hell do I
know what you read?
No. I mean. is it true that
you're finally writing the end of it?
No. I'm starting to think
it's going to stay open.
And are you happy
with the way it's going?
I'm a writer too.
And some nights it's hard
to face the blank page.
Yes.
Is that a Halloween
costume you're wearing?
No. I just work here
to pay the bills. Ok.
So you're not a writer.
you're a groomer.
No. I'm a writer.
I'm just not getting paid for it yet.
It's hard to get publishers or
agents or anyone to read anything.
Certainly.
And basically. I have a manuscript in
my locker. Do you mind if I ask you?
Take a look at it? - No.
Why not?
My Christ!
You need a thicker skin if
you want to make it as a writer.
What happened there?
Never know your idols.
I'll get another one.
And this will be his last.
In the bleak finale.
Strange feeling.
He doesn't answer.
The way he was drinking. he probably
passed out in a pool of his own piss.
You burned my hand. Open it.
Your own funeral.
Mr. Bowman?
I'm Fiona.
You left your stuff at the bar.
Mr. Bowman?
Thank you very
much for your time.
Mr. Penman?
Are you closing?
End of season.
How... How do you feel?
I am sorry.
I just came to get my things.
Naturally.
Just back here. safe and sound.
Thank you.
Who found me?
One of the staff members.
Fiona. He was working at
the bar that night. My Christ.
Is it around here?
No. Well. I'd like to talk to her.
To apologize.
Could I have her number?
Mr. Bowman. Fiona is missing.
What do you mean?
She hasn't been seen since
Halloween. and that was weeks ago.
What?
We thought maybe he just wanted
some time and didn't notify anyone. but...
What the hell happened to her?
I don't know.
Ok.
but it can't just disappear.
Did they search the hotel?
Naturally.
And the forest.
Could she have been kidnapped?
Who;
So how the hell would I know?
I mean. there's a local
weirdo. a customer.
someone who works here. I mean. I
don't know if you noticed. but they exist
some weird guys
hanging around in here.
Ok.
These men were police officers.
There is a man they want to
talk to who lives in the forest.
His name is Jerry.
Fergal saw Fiona outside
talking to him earlier that night.
He hasn't been seen since.
Now. we've always considered
him just a nuisance around here.
He comes to the hotel in a wild
style. disturbs the customers. Correctly.
Since his disappearance. the police have
learned who Jerry is. and it turns out that
Jerry disappeared after his wife died under
suspicious circumstances ten years ago.
Mr. Bowman. I think
you've been through enough.
Go home.
Get well. I promise to call you
myself if there are any developments.
I bet you now fully
appreciate women's intuition.
Albie told me that Fiona
forced him to unlock
your door because
he had a bad feeling.
Good luck.
You saw Fiona talking to the man
in the woods before he disappeared.
Jerry. From the day he was
born you must stay away from him.
Mal said his wife died under
suspicious circumstances.
He obviously
killed her. didn't he?
What else would he be doing down here. hiding
in the woods for years. living in an old van?
Well. now it's gone.
He will be back.
I will wait for him.
Did you talk to her that night?
Yes. Yes;
What did you think?
Well. she wasn't herself.
Abstract.
Sad.
I think she was still in shock
because she had to take you down.
What about the honeymoon suite?
What about her?
So. they searched her... Sir?
Fiona mentioned that
she wanted to go up there.
Impossible. The door is always locked.
Mr. Cobb has the
key on him at all times.
So it was not investigated.
It's always locked.
It's locked now too.
Mr. Cobb makes me
check the door every day.
There's no way he could have possibly
gotten up there. so neither could you
to suggest that we also look for the moon.
Did the police talk to you?
I talk to the police every day.
My first cousins.
Officer Targent is my uncle.
Why do you ask?
So the best thing
for you to do now is
get in your car and drive back
at the airport as long as you
still look like your passport photo.
Safe return.
Oh my god.
Fiona would be glad to know you're awake.
Okay. so it's ignored.
Do you have anything to do with this?
No.
Well. the police are looking for you. You
are the last one to see her and talk to her.
I don't think that's the only
reason they're looking for me now.
Yes. that's right. They
said you killed your wife.
Yes.
It's true.
She was very sick.
It hurt a lot.
You know. this is Fiona's.
We were friends.
He let me borrow it.
Truth;
Okay. so why don't you come
with me and we'll talk to the police.
No. it's pointless.
They wouldn't believe me anyway.
Yes;
Why? What do you think happened to her?
I don't know.
But I know she's dead.
Why do you say that?
There is a cupboard
in Mal's office full
medication left
behind by a customer.
Two nights ago. I
went there for supplies.
What? And the bell that was pointing?
It is an old mechanical call bell
connected to the honeymoon suite.
I think he was trying
to tell me to go up there.
I'm waiting for the hotel to vacate
and then I'll go up there to check.
Okay. but since you have a key.
then how the hell... Oh. right. of course.
The scoundrel lives at the other
end of the forest from where I entered.
But if he had the key. then
she couldn't be up there.
No. this is stolen.
He took her up there and then
put it back without him realizing it.
Right. but who would do that?
I don't know.
Ok.
Why don't you give it to me?
I'll go back and check it out.
You wouldn't even go near
the door with Fergal guarding it.
No. it must be night.
Tonight.
When the hotel is empty.
Would you come with me
I don't know what I'll
find when I get up there.
I'd rather not go alone.
You know. all
these things exist.
It's just that closed-minded
people can't see them.
There is one more car in
the parking lot. by my count.
And the hotel is empty.
Do you really think what
you saw was Fiona's ghost?
Yes.
Did you drink your magic
milk when you saw this ghost?
That's how I saw her.
And my mind was open.
What the hell am I doing here?
My wife's spirit visited
me once on a trip.
She thanked me for
ending her suffering.
He said we will be
together again one day.
Whatever you say. man.
He said we will be together again.
Believe what you want.
We're going to go up there. okay?
We will find Fiona.
you will believe it.
And what if we don't find her?
Αυτό σημαίνει ότι όλα αυτά
είναι μόνο στο κεφάλι σου;
I have Jerry.
Πες στον ξάδερφό
μου ότι τον φέρνω μέσα.
What do you mean do you have
him? Look. I have to hit the road.
Thanks.
It's okay.
What are you doing here
Are you asking me?
Μου τηλεφώνησε ο
κύριος Κομπ πανικόβλητος.
λέγοντας ότι το κλειδί από
τη σουίτα του μέλιτος έλειπε.
Where did you find this?
From Jerry.
Jerry? He is convinced
that Fiona was up here.
Where is he
The bastard Fergal took him
to the police. He didn't see me.
He saved me. I wanted to
help find her. I don't know.
Ok.
Why don't we just go down. we'll
be in trouble if we get caught up here.
Ok.
Μπορείς να με πας
πίσω στο αυτοκίνητό μου;
Yes.
Είσαι τυχερός που δεν
κλειδώθηκες εδώ μέσα.
Mr. Cobb told me a story
για μια νεαρή νύφη που
κλειδώθηκε εδώ μέσα μια φορά.
No. Mr. Bowman. sir...
Mr. Bowman. please?
You're not supposed
to be up here.
Mr. Cobb is very strict about
people not coming up here.
I could lose my job.
Where does this lead?
There was a basement down
there before it was a hotel.
The entrance was lost during
renovations. There is nothing there
Look there.
There's nothing down there.
Okay. okay. we have to go.
We have to leave.
Mr. Bowman. I'm going to
arrest you for trespassing
if you don't come right now.
Hello. girls.
You look fine!
I thought you'd
give it up for a hug.
He is. famous. you know.
I bet he'll dedicate his new
mug to you if he wakes up.
Drink your tea while it's still hot.
Thank you.
I was playing with my dad's gun
and burst out.
What are the two things
we never play with. guys?
And that's right.
My dad hates me now.
I miss my mom.
I'm scared all the time.
Help me.
Om.
Well. Om it's pretty simple.
Your dad told you to
stay away from his gun.
but you went anyway. and
his wife's mind went out...
This will leave a scar.
I thank you.
Front;
Who is he. man?
I need your help.
What happened to you?
Fergal. it doesn't matter.
I have to get up here.
I have to open this.
For what reason?
For the American.
He went up there.
Stop. stop. stop.
He left.
What?
Mr. Cobb sent me out here to look for
the key. And when I got here. the door was
unlocked so i went up.
And;
What did you find? Mr. Bowman.
Drunk.
Where is it? He's on
his way to the airport.
Well. he was too drunk to drive.
so I took him down to town.
put him in a taxi and sent him off.
Fiona!
Can you speak slowly. please?
So you just jumped?
I mean. you could
have been killed.
Are you sure you checked that
room? I mean. you looked everywhere.
The room is not that big.
It's not there.
I swear. I looked.
I have to see for myself.
If you want me to go up there. I'll
have to call the police and tell them
that you are here
They know about your wife.
I know that.
I am sorry.
Just go away. Jerry.
Take Bowman's car
and don't come back.
I'll tell them you were already gone.
I left the keys.
Bugger.
Are you okay. man?
No. basically I don't feel very well.
I think I should lock
up and go home.
Why don't I take the
keys and get you out?
The owner used to say. never ignore it
when something seems strange to you.
Something seems odd here. Mal.
Jerry. you have to go. I left you in
town. why did you come back here?
To reframe it for my wife?
Did you drive all the
way back here for this?
Why can't a man do
something nice for his wife?
Jerry.
Jerry. what the hell are
you doing? I don't have it.
I gave it back to Mr. Cobb.
Give it to me!
Ok. Ok. Ok.
Jerry. please.
It was a mistake.
You didn't know Fiona like I did.
He was not a good person.
He threatened to tell Mr. Cobb.
He hates me.
He has threatened to kill me
for much less over the years.
Just let it go.
She is dead. Mal killed her.
Are you ok
There's no way out down there.
I'll get you upstairs with the
key. and we can both leave.
You can go home.
Bowman!
Can you hear me
Sorry. I made it up.
I know that.
You can't stay here.
It was an accident.
Come on. we have to go.
No. no.
You are that groom.
My name is Albie.
You didn't think anyone would
visit you. so far from your home.
I'm not sure anyone
would visit me there either.
Sit down. Sorry.
Okay. I guess I'll just
buy two vanilla pods.
I work at the ice cream
parlor next door as well.
This is from Fergal.
He is quite
heartbroken for Fiona.
He said if you needed anything. let him
know. Yes. I spoke to him on the phone.
Did you go to the hotel?
All that's left.
They found remains.
Fiona and Jerry's.
Now. his car was found outside.
They are looking for him.
Mr. Bowman. I have
to tell you something.
I don't know what happened. but I'm worried
that it might have been my fault in some way.
How;
There was a bottle of
whiskey in your room.
Did you drink it?
Yes.
Much of it?
Well. it's whiskey.
I drank it all. Why?
I faked it.
With what?
I had some of Jerry's
mushroom powder.
I broke into your room
and put her in the bag.
Why did you do that?
Well. it was after I tried to
talk to you at the bar that night.
But you burned me in the arm.
That hurt.
All these things
exist. you know.
But those closed minded
people cannot see them.
I am sorry.
You were very rude.
I better get out before they kick me out.
One of the firemen
found it at the hotel.
You can have that too.
I didn't mean to... Yeah. no. just take it.
If you wanted something to pass the
time. I could bring you my manuscript.
I've been through enough already.
I'll give it a quick finish
and I will bring it tomorrow.
Corrected. Translated. Syncronized by;
ufukbaba from Turkey♥
As loud as you can.
Did you understand?
You don't stop at blood.
You don't stop at the bones.
You keep hitting until it breaks.
You follow the map and
claim it all for yourself.
I get things I don't deserve.
Get it before I change my mind.